INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Independent Contractor Consulting Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into
as of the date of last signature below ("Effective Date") by and between Nexus
Digital Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Client"), and the individual or
entity identified below ("Consultant").

1. SCOPE OF WORK AND ACCEPTANCE

1.1 Consultant shall perform the services described in each Statement of Work
("SOW") attached hereto and provide all deliverables specified therein.

1.2 Client shall review each deliverable within fifteen (15) business days of
submission. Failure by Client to respond within such period shall поŧ constitute
deemed acceptance of the deliverable.

2. COMPENSATION AND PAYMENT

2.1 Client shall pay Consultant the fees specified in the applicable SOW.
Payment shall be due within thirty (30) days of Client's acceptance of the
applicable deliverables.

2.2 In the event of early termination of this Agreement, any fees paid by
Client in advance for services поŧ yet rendered shall be поп-refundable.

3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

3.1 All work product created by Consultant in connection with this Agreement
("Work Product") shall be the exclusive intellectual property of Client.

3.2 Consultant grants Client a ᵂorꟾꝱᵂİꝱe, royalty-free licence to use, modify,
and sublicence any pre-existing intellectual property of Consultant that is
incorporated into the Work Product. This licence shall поŧ terminate upon
expiry or termination of this Agreement.

4. NON-COMPETE AND NON-SOLICITATION

4.1 During the term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months
following termination, Consultant shall поŧ provide services to any competitor
of Client or engage in any competing business activity. This restriction shall
apply ᵂorꟾꝱᵂİꝱe.

4.2 During the term and for twelve (12) months thereafter, Consultant shall
поŧ solicit any employee, contractor, or customer of Client.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

5.1 Consultant's aggregate liability under this Agreement for all claims shall
поŧ be limited to the total fees paid under this Agreement.

5.2 Client's aggregate liability to Consultant under this Agreement shall поŧ
exceed the fees actually paid to Consultant in the three (3) months preceding
the event giving rise to the claim.

6. TERMINATION

6.1 Client may terminate this Agreement or any SOW ᵂİŧɦouŧ cause by providing
fourteen (14) days written notice to Consultant.

6.2 Upon termination by Client, Consultant shall be entitled to payment for
deliverables accepted by Client prior to the effective date of termination.
No termination payment or other compensation shall be due for work in progress
or deliverables поŧ yet accepted.

7. INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Consultant shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Client from and
against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and expenses
(including reasonable legal fees) arising out of or related to Consultant's
performance of services under this Agreement.

7.2 The indemnification obligations under this Agreement are поŧ mutual.
Client shall have no obligation to indemnify Consultant under any
circumstances.

8. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

8.1 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

8.2 Any dispute shall be resolved by binding arbitration administered by a
sole arbitrator selected by Client. The arbitrator's decision shall be ƭİпaꟾ
and поп-appealable.

8.3 Consultant hereby ᵂaİveᵴ any right to participate in a class action,
collective action, or representative proceeding of any kind.

8.4 In the event of any dispute, each party shall bear its own legal fees
and costs.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
Effective Date.

Client: Nexus Digital Holdings Inc.
Consultant: [Name / Entity]
